MEGA MAN STAR FORCE DX - ALL CHANGES

This file documents every change in Mega Man Star Force DX, compared to the base
game Mega Man Star Force Pegasus (US version).



                    !!!!!!!!!!  SPOILER  WARNING  !!!!!!!!!!

Beware, this list contains spoilers! Do not read this list if you prefer to
discover the new additions for yourself.

                    !!!!!!!!!!  SPOILER  WARNING  !!!!!!!!!!



STORY:

 *  The tutorial can now be skipped. If you do, you will fight the viruses with
    your regular Folder, just like in MMSF2.
 *  Restored some text boxes which were cut off in the English story due to
    script errors.
 *  When you go to sleep and the game asks to save, the cursor now defaults to
    "No".
 *  Skippable cutscenes can now by automatically skipped by holding START.
 *  The bull minigames in Truck Comp have been made a little easier in the later
    sections.
 *  During the Libra Scales chapter, the EM humans now have their unused
    mugshot.
 *  As in the original game, Pegasus Magic's shadow form is fought during the
    Libra Scales chapter.
 *  Harp Note and the Satellite admins now have a skull panel warning you of the
    upcoming boss fight.
 *  Geo's happy mugshot is now also used in cutscenes and menus to match his
    mood in the story.
 *  Cutscenes from the second half of the game have been adjusted to use Geo's
    happy and moody mugshots where appropriate.
 *  After the Libra Scales scenario, a new side quest now becomes available in
    BIG WAVE.
 *  You will now fight Dragon Sky's shadow form during the Gemini Spark chapter.
 *  You will now fight Leo Kingdom's shadow form during the final chapter.
 *  During the final chapter, added a hint as to where Mr. Boreal's old boss is.
 *  During the final chapter, when you need to get the Tropical Tea for Mr.
    Gatte, you can now buy it over the counter rather than having to go behind
    the counter.
 *  During the final chapter, the Gemini Spark rematch is now at EX level.
    (However, their HP and Attack Power have been reduced.)
 *  During the final chapter, when you reach the last wavehole, Omega-Xis will
    now prompt you (once) to save if you haven't yet. This is because you need
    to save at that point in order to unlock some postgame content.
 *  In Deep Space 3 EM-Road, you will now be able to fight all three Satellite
    admins. The admin that appears is based on what Satellite you're in.
 *  After viewing the credits and saving at the last wavehole, the next time you
    enter Vista Point EM-Road, Omega-Xis will give a hint pointing you towards
    Deep Space EM-Road.
 *  After viewing the credits and saving at the last wavehole, you can now fight
    a special boss in Vista Point EM-Road.
 *  After beating Andromeda Infinity, you will now receive the Andromeda card.
    (Previously, this was limited to special events.)
 *  After beating Andromeda Infinity, you can now form a BrotherBand with
    Legendary Master Shin. (Previously, this was limited to special events.)
 *  A number of story cutscenes which were previously unskippable can now be
    skipped.
 *  Adjusted some cutscenes so that when Geo transforms into Mega Man or vice
    versa, it now updates the portrait on the top screen.
 *  Tweaked some cutscenes so that Geo now has the Visualizer (not) active, for
    story consistency.


TITLE SCREEN:

 *  There are now two save slots, just like in MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  The Game Clear star is now yellow to match the other stars.
 *  The Satellite Admin star is replaced with the Satellite Admins star, and is
    now obtained when all three Satellite admins are defeated in Deep Space 3
    EM-Road.
 *  Even though the Andromeda card has been added to the Library, it is not
    required to obtain the Giga Complete star.
 *  The Title Screen logo has been replaced with the Mega Man Star Force DX
    logo.
 *  The Mega Man Star Force DX version number is now shown on the Title Screen.
 *  Soft-resetting the game (L + R + START + SELECT) now takes you straight to
    the Title Screen, just like in MMSF2.
 *  Removed the ESRB notice, just like in the EU versions.


TEXT:

 *  The font has been replaced with that from MMSF2/MMSF3. All text boxes in the
    game have been adjusted to make use of the new font spacing.
 *  Mega Man is now spelled with a space, just like in MMSF3.
 *  The main character is now always named Geo Stelar during the story, and your
    custom name will only be shown to Brothers.
 *  Changed Big Wave to BIG WAVE, just like in MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  Changed Brother Force to Brother Card, just like in MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  Changed Legend Force to Legend Card, just like in MMSF2.
 *  You can now hold START to skip text at the maximum speed.
 *  For characters whose mugshots have secondary animations (e.g. EM beings),
    their animation is no longer constantly reset while talking.
 *  Adjusted the talking animation to be similar to MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  Adjusted the description of the PowerSong Battle Card to more accurately
    describe its effect.
 *  Adjusted the description of the BraveSwrd Battle Cards to more accurately
    describe their effects. (The breaking attribute is now shown as an icon.)
 *  Added a description for the FlapPack at the start of the Cygnus Wing
    chapter.
 *  Added a description for the wave ball in the Mega Man Battle Network side
    quest.
 *  Fixed one of the snakes in the Queen Ophiuca chapter not having a text box.
 *  After viewing the credits and saving at the last wavehole, pressing the
    L Button will show a hint for certain side quests. Once these are finished,
    L Button messages are replaced with Humor Word. This applies everywhere
    except in Deep Space EM-Road.
 *  When you receive an item from Cipher Mail as Mega Man, the text now prints
    "Mega Man got:" instead of "Geo got:".


FIELD:

 *  Overworld music now resumes after each battle, rather than restarting from
    the beginning, just like MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  You can now walk through NPCs if you keep running into them, just like in
    MMSF2/MMSF3. This replaces the feature in MMSF1 where if you were stuck
    inside an NPC, you could spin the +Control Pad to get out.
 *  The encounter rate has been adjusted to make it a bit more consistent. In
    small miscellaneous Comp Spaces, the encounter rate is slightly raised, but
    in all other areas, it is slightly lowered.
 *  In School Comp, destroying all of the Study Waves in the area will now show
    a cutscene of the door to the next area opening automatically.
 *  In Station Comps, the arrow panels now make a "swoosh" sound effect when you
    travel over them.
 *  EX boss ghost waves now appear visibly on the overworld and will battle you
    when talked to, just like in MMSF2.
 *  SP bosses will now appear immediately after deleting an EX boss ghost wave
    without needing to pulse out first.
 *  When using a Card Trader, you can now press SELECT to move all cards in the
    Trader back to the Card Box, just like in MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  After viewing the credits and saving at the last wavehole, you can now
    change your Satellite in Deep Space 1 EM-Road.
 *  A Star Frag Trader appears in Deep Space 2 EM-Road. This Trader has similar
    odds to the AMAKEN Foyer Card Trader SP, but drops Lunar Knights cards
    instead of Mega Class cards. In addition, it has a 1-in-12 chance to drop
    Star Cards.
 *  The EX boss ghost waves as well as SP boss encounters for Pegasus Magic, Leo
    Kingdom and Dragon Sky appear in Deep Space 1 EM-Road, Deep Space 2 EM-Road
    and Deep Space 3 EM-Road respectively.
 *  After beating at least one of the Satellite admins, you can now attempt Time
    Trials in Deep Space 3 EM-Road.
 *  You can now obtain 6 additional Extra Folders by beating the Satellite
    admins, leveling up Lunar Knights Brothers, and showing a Jammer in Deep
    Space 2 EM-Road a Best Combo with high enough Attack Power.
 *  Mystery Waves now respawn when you change from Mega Man back to Geo, rather
    than the other way around, just like in MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  As a result, Gold Mystery Waves are now visible as Geo, and when you see
    one, you can pulse in and collect it.
 *  Drastically increased the spawn rate of Gold Mystery Waves: they now have a
    1-in-2 chance to spawn on any Wave Road. Originally, the chance was 1-in-64
    to spawn on the Wave Road of the area where you Wave Changed.
 *  Increased the visibility of Gold Mystery Waves: they now spin
    counterclockwise and emit a soft glow.
 *  All shops have been rebalanced and have reduced prices, just like in MMSF3.
    In addition, the Sword and WideSword Battle Cards can now be bought from a
    shop - previously, the only way to get duplicates was from a Card Trader.
 *  Card shops no longer include your Extra Folder when showing you how many of
    a card you have.
 *  When you open a Battle Card preview in a shop, it now shows the price of the
    card underneath, just like in MMSF2.
 *  After completing Zack's Transer quest, you can return to Piano Comp to
    freely re-attempt the 10 virus battle gauntlet.
 *  After defeating Andromeda Infinity, the Final Boss Rush becomes available in
    Deep Space 3 EM-Road, in which you fight every boss in the game at their
    highest level in a row. (Note: this challenge is completely optional and
    only awards Star Frags.)
 *  Fixed fights now also reset your encounter rate, rather than only random
    encounters, just like in the other games.
 *  Reorganized the Personal view on the top screen.
 *  Viruses now appear in the Real World in certain locations, just like in
    MMSF3. These Real World viruses drop specific Star Cards when defeated, as
    well as Star Frags when you achieve a high enough Busting Level.
 *  After deleting all viruses in the Real World, you can challenge a Jammer in
    the Real World at Time Square for a Giga Class card.
 *  Fixed an overlapping sprite for an Info Hertz at AMAKEN Grounds (Real World)
    during the Harp Note incident.
 *  Cygnus and Libra now have southwest and southeast facing sprites. (Previously,
    they were always looking northwest or northeast.)
 *  Gemini's southwest facing sprites now have the colors on his heads flipped
    so they match his design.
 *  When you buy a Legend Card, it now plays the "item get" sound effect.
 *  Adjusted Mega Man's sprite so that Omega-Xis now always appears on the
    correct arm while walking and running, just like in MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  Fixed a sprite error on Zack's foot.
 *  The yellow Satellite in Science Museum has been changed to blue to match
    the Pegasus Satellite color.
 *  Wave Roads now have a pulsing semi-transparency effect when seen as Geo,
    just like in MMSF2. This should make it easier to see characters and Transer
    icons which are obscured by the Wave Road.
 *  Fixed certain sprites on the overworld disappearing when standing in
    specific spots during some parts of the story, when there are too many
    sprites on the screen at once.
 *  When you delete a Study Wave in School Comps, the step counter is now
    reset to what it was when you stepped on the arrow panel, similar to other
    Comp gimmicks that temporarily disable encounters.
 *  In Robo Snake Comps, make it so that your step counter is now reset
    correctly after helping a Mr. Hertz.


STAR FRAGS:

 *  A new currency, Star Frags, has been added to the game, similar to the
    BugFrags from MMBN and Noise Frags from MMSF3.
 *  You can view how many Star Frags you have from the Key Items menu.
 *  You can obtain Star Frags by Counter Hitting bosses. The number of Star
    Frags obtained depends on the strength of the boss and the number of Counter
    Hits (up to 3).
 *  When you fight G-sized viruses and don't get a high enough Busting Level to
    obtain their Star Card, you may receive some Star Frags instead.
 *  You will also obtain Star Frags from fighting viruses that appear in the
    Real World.
 *  You will also obtain Star Frags from clearing the 10 virus battle gauntlet
    in Piano Comp (from Zack's Transer quest).
 *  You will also obtain Star Frags from clearing the Final Boss Rush.
 *  After the Harp Note chapter, you can play the note minigame again in Vista
    Point EM-Road to win Star Frags.
 *  After the Harp Note chapter, a merchant Hertz appears in Vista Point EM-Road
    which will trade Star Frags for certain Star Cards. You can also buy Star
    Tickets - these can be used in the Card Trader * as substitutes for
    duplicate cards.
 *  A Star Frag Trader appears in Deep Space 2 EM-Road, which allows you to
    trade 10 Star Frags for a random Battle Card.
 *  In Deep Space 3 EM-Road, you can trade Star Frags for a random duplicate of
    a Giga Class card that you already own. This trade can be done once per day,
    and the Giga Class card which you can trade for changes every day.


TRANSER QUESTS:

 *  You can now take on multiple Transer quests at once. When you take on a
    quest that requires speaking with or checking the Transer of another
    character who also has their own Transer quest, the latter quest is put on
    hold until the former is completed.
 *  Adjusted some Transer text to account for being able to take on multiple
    quests at once.
 *  Characters' Transers now have an icon on them indicating whether a side
    quest is available or in progress.
 *  Meale DeVour's Transer quest now rewards the Gourmet Mag key item (a
    previously unused item) instead of 5000 Zennys.
 *  Restored the unused Transer quests for Sonia, Luna and Bud. Sonia's rewards
    a new item with a Cipher Mail code.
 *  For consistency, Zack's side quest has also been changed (back) into a
    Transer quest, and can now be done before viewing the credits, if you've
    saved at the last wavehole.
 *  Since Bud's Transer quest awards an HPMem10, the forced HPMem10 obtained
    during the story at the start of the Cygnus Wing chapter has been replaced
    with something else.
 *  Quizzes now have satisfying OK and error sound effects, just like in MMBN.
 *  Transer Memos now have the character's location at the end, similar to
    MMSF2.
 *  Fixed Swill Waters not having a Transer popup during the AMAKEN blackout
    segment.
 *  Fixed Mitch Shepar's Transer message changing for Barry Square's Transer
    quest too early.
 *  Fixed Teresa Tudor's Transer quest becoming available before you have the
    Navi Card needed to complete it.
 *  When you finish all Transer quests, you will now get the e-mail from Shin
    upon the next area transition. (Previously, you only got it if you went back
    to Echo Ridge.)


TOUCH SCREEN:

 *  All Touch Screen mechanics can now also be performed with button controls:
 *  When on a Wave Road, you can now hold down the Y Button to use the "pulse
    beam". Move the cursor with the +Control Pad and release the Y Button in
    order to pulse into the selected wavehole or Transer.
 *  When using PropellerMan's Navi Card, you can now control the RC chopper with
    the +Control Pad.
 *  When using KeyMan's Navi Card, you can now navigate the keypad with the
    +Control Pad, the A Button and START.
 *  When using PitcherMan's Navi Card, you can now throw a pitch with the A
    Button.
 *  When using ThermoMan's Navi Card, you can now choose an option with the
    +Control Pad and the A Button.
 *  When using ThermoMan's Navi Card, his artwork on the top screen has been
    flipped so that it matches all his other sprites and illustrations.
 *  When using ShovelMan's Navi Card, you can now control the lever with the
    +Control Pad.
 *  In Truck Comp, you can now play the bull minigame by pressing the right
    direction on the +Control Pad to regain your balance.
 *  In SpaceSim Comp, you can now play the Quacky Lackies minigame by holding
    the A Button, then pressing Up on the +Control Pad to launch the rocket.
 *  During the Harp Note scenario, you can now also play the note minigame by
    pressing the right direction on the +Control Pad to shoot the notes.
    Additionally, the rate of fire when using the ABXY Buttons is increased.
 *  In Scrap Comp, when you are not touching the Touch Screen, the Rescue Sonar
    will automatically scan on Mega Man's position. Once all items in the area
    are dug up, it will stop scanning.
 *  In Scrap Comp, you can now press the A Button to dig even while the Rescue
    Sonar is scanning.
 *  Fixed a glitch in the base game where in Scrap Comp, using the Rescue Sonar
    also flashes your active Sub Card icons.
 *  In Station Comp, you can now control the constellation drawing minigame with
    the +Control Pad, A Button, B Button and START. Hold the +Control Pad to
    move the cursor (hold the B Button to move it faster), and hold the
    A Button while the cursor is on a star to start drawing a line. Then move
    the cursor to another star and release the A Button to confirm the line.
 *  In the Transer screen, you can now touch the "EQUIP" button with the stylus
    to switch to that page.


SUB CARDS:

 *  Cloakers now last 3.25x as long (same length as MMSF3).
 *  Cloakers will no longer immediately expire when you pulse in/out of Comp
    Spaces and sub-areas.
 *  Cloakers now negate any virus encounters that you have a high enough Level
    to 100% run away from.
 *  Search Eye now expires from walking a certain distance instead of expiring
    after just 1 battle, like in the other games. The duration is the same as
    Cloaker.
 *  To go with the above, Search Eye now has a 75% success rate (down from
    100%).
 *  You can now buy the Fire Search, Aqua Search, Elec Search and Wood Search
    Sub Cards from MMSF2. If there are viruses in the current area matching the
    element of the Sub Card, this will negate all virus encounters that do not
    have a virus with that element.
 *  Search Eye and the elemental Search Sub Cards now increase the encounter
    rate while active.
 *  Cloaker now increases the encounter rate for SP bosses (just like in MMSF3).
    You can combine this with a Search Sub Card to increase the encounter rate
    even further. The searched element does not need to match the boss's
    element.
 *  When a Sub Card expires, you will now get the option to immediately use
    another one.


BATTLE:

 *  Certain bosses and viruses no longer randomly "snap back" to a different
    panel when they are interrupted during certain attacks, in most cases. (For
    instance, interrupting Gemini Spark's attacks would cause him to instantly
    warp to the panel he was on before the attack rather than staying in place.)
 *  Bosses with Super Armor now play their recoiling animation when paralyzed,
    frozen or bubbled, rather than staying in their idle animation; just like in
    MMSF3.
 *  Updated the hair on Mega Man's 3D model with his better-looking hair mesh
    from MMSF3.
 *  Mega Man now has Side Select as an innate ability, just like in MMSF3.
 *  Using a Battle Card no longer resets your Buster charge, just like in
    MMSF2/MMSF3. (However, using the Mega Attack does still reset your Buster
    charge, just like in MMSF2/MMSF3.)
 *  Bosses now always have their special camera intro, rather than only during
    the initial fights.
 *  Mega Man now animates during special camera intros.
 *  In the Custom Screen, you can now use the Y Button to check a Battle Card's
    description in addition to the R Button, just like in MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  Story battles now (almost) always have a Results screen with reward data.
 *  The spawn rate for G-sized viruses in random encounters has been increased
    to 1-in-14 up from 1-in-16, just like in MMSF3.
 *  When in a Star Force form, you will no longer take double damage when you're
    hit by an attack of the element that you're weak to, just like in
    MMSF2/MMSF3. However, this does not apply in Legend Mode.
 *  In a multiplayer Wave Battle, cutting in during screen-dimming cards (AKA
    time freeze counter) is no longer limited to 2 cards. Just like in all the
    other games, you can now create chains of arbitrary length, and the last 2
    cards will be used.
 *  Fixed a glitch present in MMSF1 where moving and shooting at the same time
    would always fire a regular Mega Buster shot rather than a Charged Shot.
 *  Fixed a glitch present in MMSF1 and MMSF2 where holding down the +Control
    Pad at the edge of the field would slow down the Mega Buster's rate of fire.
 *  Grabity-type viruses can now be damaged with non-Sword attacks, but will
    only take 1/4th of the damage.
 *  Entities which have the Invisible status now continue to blink when the
    battle is paused, in the Custom Screen, or when a screen-dimming card is
    used, similar to MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  Removed the quirk present in MMSF1 where certain enemies would completely
    disappear from the field for 1 frame while moving, which could cause attacks
    to miss.
 *  Increased the HP and Attack Power of certain EX and SP-level bosses.
 *  You can now run away from the Cancer Bubble, Wolf Woods and Crown Thunder
    boss fights, similar to MMSF2.
 *  You can now Double Delete or Triple Delete Jammer enemies. Originally,
    Jammers did not count towards multi-deletion at all.
 *  Changed the Float ability so that it no longer grants immunity to the
    gravity status effect, just like in MMSF3. (Note that it still grants
    immunity to gravity panels, so effectively the only change is that it no
    longer protects against Quake Song and certain attacks in Legend Mode.)
 *  While in Ice Pegasus Mega Man form, status effects such as paralyzed,
    gravity and invulnerable are now also reflected on his wings, rather than
    only on his main body.
 *  Bonus damage for Freeze Break no longer doubly applies elemental weakness.
 *  Barrier and Aura are no longer affected by elemental weakness.
 *  Fixed a Best Combo glitch where for certain Fire Elemental attacks, it would
    not record a grass panel underneath the enemy in the Best Combo.
 *  Being Whistled no longer grants immunity to paralysis while the Whistle
    effect is ongoing.
 *  Adjusted the invulnerability status effect (green flash) to be a bit
    brighter.
 *  Adjusted the gravity status effect (darkened) to be a bit darker.
 *  When fighting an FM-ian boss during the story, you can now receive their
    Mega card if you reach a high enough Busting Level, just like in MMSF3.
 *  When fighting an EX-level FM-ian boss, you can now receive their EX Mega
    card if you reach a high enough Busting Level, just like in MMSF3.
 *  Fixed an animation glitch that occurs on Andromeda when using a Best Combo
    that has a status effect recorded as a card precondition.
 *  Invisibility and invulnerability (green flicker) now flicker on alternating
    frames, so you can see both active at once.
 *  When you turn off the Mega Attack, the lock-on reticule now disappears
    immediately instead of lingering for a few frames, preventing accidental
    unwanted Mega Attacks - just like in MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  Removed Wood Elemental weakness from Gemini Spark W. (Gemini Spark B still
    has it.)
 *  In Crown Thunder's boss fight, fixed his animation ending too early when he
    uses Fall Thunder.
 *  In Leo Kingdom's boss fight, fixed a weird animation loop when you die to
    Gigaton Press.
 *  Fixed timings for Leo Kingdom's Volcano Claws being swapped for his V1 and
    EX versions.
 *  Fixed the deletion animation for Libra Scales always showing him tilted to
    the left.
 *  Fixed the deletion animation for Dragon Sky always showing him on the right
    side.
 *  The "Battle Start" and screen-dimming card name pop-up now has a bounce
    effect, similar to MMSF2/3.
 *  When you use a screen-dimming card in single player, the card name pop-up is
    now faster.
 *  When you use a screen-dimming card, the name always appears at the top of
    screen, just like in MMSF3.
 *  Pop-up messages like COUNTER HIT! and DOUBLE DELETE! now have a scroll in
    and out effect, just like in MMSF3.
 *  When you get Countered by an enemy, it will now show an ENEMY COUNTER!
    pop-up message at the top of the screen.
 *  Fixed a glitch where if you try to summon a JunkCube in the middle column
    and the panel is occupied, it would always only try to summon it on the left
    rather than trying left and right in a random order as intended.
 *  DX bosses can be fought after fulfilling certain requirements.
 *  In multiplayer Wave Battles, you can now choose between 15 Turns, 10 Turns,
    5 Turns or 3 Turns, just like in MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  In multiplayer Wave Battles, a turn counter is now shown at the top of the
    screen while the Custom Screen is open, similar to MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  When choosing a multiplayer battle mode, if you press B on the "Waiting for
    response" message while the other player is still selecting Start/Cancel, it
    now shows the "Cancelled!" message on both players' ends rather than only
    for the other player.
 *  The WolfWoods Mega Cards now have a command input. When Wolf Woods appears,
    quickly spin the +Control Pad in a circle. If successful, Wolf Woods will
    change into his berserk mode and the attack will inflict Blind.
 *  Fixed a glitch in the base game where Pegasus Magic's texture doesn't
    animate during Pegasus Magic GX and Pegasus Freeze attacks.


LEGEND MODE:

 *  A new difficulty mode, Legend Mode, can be selected when starting a New
    Game.
 *  You can also turn Legend Mode ON/OFF at any time from the Key Items screen.
 *  In Legend Mode, the following rules apply:
 *  Mega Man takes 2x the normal damage.
 *  Note: Green Dragon Mega Man's Shield Heal ability heals the same amount of
    HP compared to Normal Mode.
 *  All enemies have 1.5x the normal HP.
 *  All enemies become faster and more aggressive.
 *  Some enemies have different properties and behaviors.
 *  Some enemy attacks now have additional effects (e.g. added element, status
    effect or panel change).
 *  Mega Man can now be Counter Hit by viruses and bosses.
 *  While in a Star Force form, Mega Man will still take 2x damage from attacks
    of the element that he is weak to (in Normal Mode, this no longer applies.)
 *  Hitting a virus or boss with its elemental weakness now deals 1.5x the
    normal damage, down from 2x.
 *  Cipher Mail cannot be used until you've actually found that Cipher Mail
    in the game. (However, after viewing the credits, all Cipher Mail can be
    used.)
 *  RNG is not re-seeded at the start of every turn, which prevents predictable
    patterns on the first turn and certain kinds of RNG manipulation.
 *  All bosses gain a new ability: Combo Guard. This protects against status
    effects when the boss is already affected by that status effect - for
    instance, hitting a boss which is already paralyzed with PlasmaGun will not
    reset the paralysis timer. Additionally, hitting them with a different
    status effect while they are affected by or recovering from a status effect
    will have a reduced effect.
 *  Bosses have tightened Counter Hit windows.
 *  Your Busting Level is increased by 1 bonus level.
 *  Viruses will never drop HP recovery items.
 *  You take extra damage from overworld hazards (e.g. the shooting stars in
    SpaceSim Comp).
 *  For all enemy-specific changes, see "Legend Mode enemies (SPOILERS!).txt".
 *  Playing on Legend Mode from New Game all the way to the credits without
    turning it OFF even once will award a special new Cipher Mail. (Note: this
    Cipher Mail can be used at any point in the game regardless of whether you
    "earned" it or not.)


STAR FORCE:

 *  You now need to defeat the shadow version of the associated Satellite admin
    during the story before you can use that Star Force form.
 *  Brother Cards now give you the option to use the Roulette as normal, or to
    transform into the associated Star Force form, just like in MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  The Legendary Master Shin Brother Card allows you to choose from any
    available Star Force transformation, just like the regular Star Force card.
 *  Ice Pegasus Mega Man now has a new ability: Quick Step, which increases your
    movement speed while moving between panels and using Mega Attacks.
 *  Ice Pegasus Mega Man now has a new ability: Flash Step, which grants brief
    invisibility at the start and end of every Mega Attack.
 *  Ice Pegasus Mega Man now has a new ability: Auto-Lock, which makes you
    automatically lock on to the enemy in front or the nearest enemy in another
    column. Additionally, you will not lose your Charged Shot when you use a
    Mega Attack with Auto-Lock.
 *  Fire Leo Mega Man now has a new ability: Buster x2, which doubles the Attack
    rating of the Mega Buster and Charged Shot and raises the maximum to 10.
 *  Fire Leo Mega Man now has a new ability: Break Buster, which causes the Mega
    Buster to break through shields.
 *  Fire Leo Mega Man's Charged Shot, Flame Burner, also breaks through shields.
 *  Fire Leo Mega Man now has a new ability: Blaze Charge. If your next card is
    a Standard Card, the Mega Buster can charge up to 2 levels. When you fire
    the Lv. 2 Charged Shot, the card will be absorbed and its base Attack Power
    (not counting Power Up effects) is added to Flame Burner's Attack Power.
 *  Increased the speed of Fire Leo Mega Man's Flame Burner Charged Shot.
 *  Green Dragon Mega Man now has a new ability: Shield Heal. Upon blocking an
    attack with your shield, this recovers HP equal to 25% of the Attack Power
    of the blocked attack.
 *  Green Dragon Mega Man now has a new ability: Shield Counter. Upon blocking
    an attack with your shield, Mega Man will briefly flash green. If you cancel
    the shield with a Battle Card or the Mega Buster at the correct time, Mega
    Man will gain a brief window of invulnerability. Additionally, if you cancel
    with the Mega Buster, it will instantly fire the Woody Shot Charged Shot.
 *  Elemental Cyclone no longer causes the enemy to gain invisibility, just like
    in MMSF3. However, its Attack Power is reduced from 3 x 100 to 3 x 80.
 *  Star Force Big Bangs now display their Attack Power.
 *  Transforming into Star Force now removes all abnormal status effects, just
    like in MMSF3. (Originally, it only removed paralyzed, bubbled and frozen.)


STAR CARDS:

 *  "Star Cards" have been added to the game. You can activate a Star Card's
    Star Power during battle to Power Up all cards in the Custom Screen with the
    same name. This applies the same effect as when you scanned a card using the
    Japan-exclusive Wave Scanner peripheral.
 *  Only those Battle Cards which apply a Power Up effect have been added as
    Star Cards. This excludes e.g. the Mega Class cards which had the effect of
    being summoned to the Custom Screen, and cards like GrassStage.
 *  The same limitations apply in battle as with the original Wave Scanner. Each
    Star Power can be used once per battle, and you can use one Star Power per
    turn.
 *  You can add up to 5 Star Cards in your Folder, but these can be duplicates
    to improve the chance of drawing it.
 *  After the Harp Note chapter, a Card Trader * will appear in Vista Point. You
    can trade 10 of the same Battle Card in this special Trader to obtain the
    Star Card version of that card.
 *  Star Cards can be obtained as a bonus reward from deleting G-size viruses.
 *  Star Cards can also be obtained from Gold Mystery Waves.
 *  Star Cards can also be obtained from the Star Frag Trader.


BROTHERS:

 *  The in-game BrotherBands now have different Satellites. This lets you unlock
    all three Star Force transformations throughout the story.
 *  Zack Temple now has Mega Class +2 as his Link Ability, rather than Mega
    Class +1.
 *  Legendary Master Shin's name on the Brother screen is now printed as
    "L.M. Shin"; previously it was "Shin L.M."
 *  Once you have obtained the Lonely Heart key item, you can now go to Mirror
    Comp to gain a Copy Brother. This Brother acts as a copy of your current
    data. The Face Pic of the Copy Brother will be in grayscale unless you have
    reached Level 100.
 *  After the Libra Scales chapter, the premade Geo Face Pic for your Brother
    page is replaced with his happy version. (To change to it, select it from
    the premade Face Pics menu.)
 *  After viewing the credits, 10 extra premade Face Pics will become available
    for use. This includes some Mega Man's transformations and important
    characters which you did not form a BrotherBand with during the story, as
    well as a spacesuit Face Pic that went unused in the game.


FOLDER EDIT:

 *  You can now add a maximum of 4 copies of the same Standard Class card to
    your Folder, up from 3.
 *  When you try to add more Mega or Giga Class cards to the Folder than is
    allowed, the game will now tell you the maximum amount you can currently put
    in, just like in the JP version and in MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  Favoriting Battle Cards now works like in MMSF2 where you simply press the
    Y Button to set or unset a card as Favorite, rather than having to use a
    separate menu.
 *  You can now press SELECT to move all cards in the Folder back to the Card
    Box.
 *  When you select a card, a "swap" icon now appears on the card, just like in
    MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  Battle Cards now show a Sword, Wind or Breaking attribute icon next to their
    primary elemental icon, just like in MMSF3. The Standard/Mega/Giga
    classification is now shown at the top of the Battle Card, replacing "CARD".
 *  While the cursor is on Edit/Equip/Change Name, you can now still scroll the
    Folder with the L/R Buttons, just like in MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  You can now use the "Change" option on the Extra Folder to change to one of
    your other Extra Folders, once unlocked.
 *  Equipping a Folder now plays the sound effect from MMSF3.
 *  Fixed the Card Box sorting glitch that sometimes occurs in MMSF1 when moving
    cards from the Card Box to the Folder or Card Trader.
 *  When you exit from the Folder Edit screen to the Folder select screen, the
    cursor will now be set on the Folder you were editing, rather than the
    current equipped folder, just like in MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  Made the process of auto-selecting favorites faster and more responsive.
 *  Share Star attack bonus is now also shown in the Folder select screen, just
    like in MMSF2/MMSF3.


MEGA SCREEN:

 *  Mega Weapons now use a longer name.
 *  Corrected the name of the Steel Fist Mega Weapon to Bubble Fist, just like
    in the EU version and in MMSF2.
 *  Revised the descriptions for Mega Weapons to be closer to MMSF2/MMSF3 and
    add missing effects.
 *  The Mega Screen now shows the total level for the Mega Buster stats, Custom
    Gauge and Mega/Giga Class capacity, just like the JP/EU versions and MMSF2.
 *  On the Mega Screen, stat boosts from Power Up data are now added to bonus
    level rather than base level.
 *  Equipping a Mega Weapon now plays the sound effect from MMSF3.
 *  During the final chapter, when Omega-Xis isn't in the Transer, he is now
    removed from the Mega Screen.
 *  Completing the new side quest in BIG WAVE which becomes available after the
    Libra Scales scenario will award Power Up data. This grants the same stat
    boosts as the Japan-exclusive Wave Scanner peripheral.
 *  The Power Up page now shows Star Force transformation associated with your
    current Power Up data.
 *  After fulfilling certain requirements, you can now set Power Up data to
    neutral so you start battles as regular Mega Man.
 *  Fixed an issue that was causing the Mega Screen to lag while scrolling left
    or right when the game is played on a flash cart.


KEY ITEMS:

 *  Key Item names are now 12 characters long (up from 8), just like in MMSF3.
 *  Key Items have been reorganized in the menu to group together items of the
    same type.
 *  Mega Weapons are no longer shown in the Key Items menu.
 *  You can now obtain the Humor Buster. Once obtained, you can set it to Type 1
    (dog sounds), Type 2 (cat sounds) or Off (normal Mega Buster sounds) from
    the Key Items menu.


DATA LIBRARY:

 *  The Data Library now shows which Battle Cards have Star Card versions, and
    tracks which ones you've collected so far.
 *  The Quick Gauge and Slow Gauge Battle Cards have been added to the game.
 *  The Standard Class library now includes the Lunar Knights Battle Cards as
    well the new Battle Cards added in Mega Man Star Force DX, bringing the
    total to 170 Standard Class cards.
 *  The Mega Class library now includes all three Satellite admins' cards,
    bringing the total to 36 Mega Class cards.
 *  The Giga Class library now includes all 16 Giga Class cards in the game,
    including the Andromeda card. However, the latter is not required to obtain
    the Giga Complete mark.
 *  The Data Library menu has been adjusted to behave more similarly to
    MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  The door in Deep Space 2 EM-Road leading to Deep Space 3 EM-Road has been
    changed from requiring the Standard Complete star to requiring 150 different
    Standard Class cards (the same number of Standard Class cards that were in
    the original game).


EM DATABASE:

 *  An EM Database has been added, which tracks information about all EM viruses
    and bosses you have defeated - like a bestiary.
 *  After deleting a virus or boss, you can check their battle data (stats and
    attacks).
 *  After deleting a virus or boss, you can check their reward data (which items
    they drop, and at which Busting Levels).
 *  After deleting a virus or boss, you can check their area data (which areas
    they most commonly appear in).
 *  The EM Database also tracks which enemies you have landed a Counter Hit on.
 *  Once you have deleted all viruses and bosses in the game, a silver star will
    be added to the EM Database.
 *  Once you have Counter Hit all viruses and bosses in the game, a gold star
    will be added to the EM Database.
 *  Landing a Counter Hit on new viruses or bosses will also increase the level
    of your Power Up data when you get your EM Database evaluated.
 *  The Records page of the Database now matches the color of your Satellite,
    rather than always using Pegasus colors.


E-MAIL:

 *  When you choose a Brother to send mail to, the cursor now defaults to the
    Satellite.
 *  When you choose to send mail to your Satellite, the "Cipher" mail title is
    now automatically filled in.
 *  Transer Memos now have a special icon separate from other E-mails. A
    checkmark is added on the icon when you have completed the associated quest.
 *  Transer Memos now have "Transer Memo" as the sender and the name of the
    associated character as the subject. Previously, they would have "Transer
    Memo" as the subject and the player's name as the sender.
 *  You can now press the X Button to sort your E-mail, just like in MMBN6. The
    sorting is kept even after exiting the menu.
 *  Due to the above, the "Compose" function has been moved to the Y Button.
 *  6 new Cipher Mails have been added, one of which grants the Humor Buster.
    For example: "Up your game with Mega Man Star Force DX!"
 *  While composing E-mail, you can now press START to move the cursor to the
    Send button.
 *  Adjusted the behavior of the A Button and B Button in the E-mail screens to
    be a bit more intuitive.
 *  Fixed the "glasses of mystery" Cipher Mail triggering the swear word filter.


KEYBOARD:

 *  The keyboard now appears on the Touch Screen and can also be used with the
    stylus, just like in MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  The keyboard cursor now defaults on the "1" key rather than the "OK" button,
    just like MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  The keyboard now uses insert mode rather than overwrite mode, just like in
    MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  Adjusted the behavior of the "Enter" key to be more similar to MMSF2.
 *  When entering a connect number in Connect or On Air, you can now enter a
    single-digit number (it will be prefixed with a zero automatically).


SAVE:

 *  Saving speed has been increased, just like MMSF2.
 *  Play Time is now recorded up to 999:59, just like MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  The Save Screen will now sometimes show messages from story characters Geo
    has formed a BrotherBand with, as well as Omega-Xis.
 *  When you save after viewing the credits, your Play Time will now be updated
    in your save file, rather than reverting to what it was when you last saved.
 *  Your Extra Folder is no longer included in the total Battle Cards count.


CROSSOVER:

 *  The Lunar Knights crossover quest has been restored. As in the Japanese
    version, you can play it after completing the Gemini Spark chapter.
 *  After the Gemini Spark chapter, you will receive an E-mail hinting that the
    Lunar Knights crossover quest is now available.
 *  The Aaron and Lucian posters at Nacys have been restored.
 *  Names and descriptions have been added for the Lunar Knights Battle Cards.
 *  After completing the Lunar Knights crossover quest, wave balls appear in
    various places of the Wave World that allow you to form a BrotherBand with a
    Lunar Knights character.
 *  Red Mystery Waves now always appear on the overworld. (Originally, they
    would only appear if you had a Lunar Knights BrotherBand.)
 *  Increased the chance for Green Mystery Waves containing Lunar Knights items
    to appear on the Wave Road. Originally, there was a 1-in-16 chance that one
    GMW would contain a Lunar Knights item. Now, the base chance is 25% and
    increases with 25% for every additional Lunar Knights Brother that you have
    (so e.g. the chance is 75% when you have 3 Lunar Knights Brothers).
 *  You can now send E-mail to in-game Lunar Knights Brothers in order to level
    them up and receive exclusive items and Lunar Knights Battle Cards.
 *  You can send a password obtained by completing Lunar Knights (the game) to a
    Lunar Knights Brother in order to instantly level them up.
 *  Note that just like in the original version, you cannot obtain the V3 Lunar
    Knights Battle Cards yourself - these can only be used through special means,
    such as a fully leveled up Lunar Knights Brother's Battle Card Roulette.
 *  You can now play the Mega Man Battle Network crossover quest without having
    an MMBN Game Pak inserted in the Nintendo DS SLOT-2. This will become
    available after you beat Taurus Fire. However, you can still slot in an MMBN
    Game Pak before then to do the quest earlier.
 *  You can now slot in an MMBN Game Pak from any region (JP, US or EU), rather
    than just US.


CREDITS:

 *  The credits now contain all names from the JP, US and EU versions, as well
    as all three Satellite admin constellations.
 *  During the credits, holding down a button now scrolls at 5x speed (up from
    3x).
