MEGA MAN STAR FORCE DX
Version 1.1.5
4 July 2021

Official discussion topic:
https://forums.therockmanexezone.com/mega-man-star-force-dx-t16546.html



INTRODUCTION

Mega Man Star Force DX is a mod for Mega Man Star Force 1 that completely
modernizes the game. It includes many new features, changes and tweaks
throughout the entire game that bring the game up to speed with MMSF2 and MMSF3.
This mod aims to create more gameplay depth and replayability, unify all three
versions of the game, reduce the reliance on multiplayer, and much more.



FEATURES

 *  The font has been changed to that of MMSF2/MMSF3, with all text in the game
    updated to make use of it.
 *  Star Cards have been added - these replicate the effects of the
    Japan-exclusive Wave Scanner peripheral.
 *  All touch screen inputs and minigames can now be done with just the buttons.
 *  A new difficulty setting, Legend Mode, has been added.
 *  There are now two save slots, and saving speed has been increased.
 *  The Lunar Knights crossover scenario, Brother Band and Battle Cards have
    been restored from the Japanese versions. Lunar Knights Brother Bands can
    be obtained in single player.
 *  You can now obtain Power Up data, which was originally obtained from the
    Japan-exclusive Wave Scanner peripheral.
 *  All three Star Force transformations can be obtained in a single game, and
    have received unique new abilities to set them apart from each other.
 *  All version-exclusive Satellite admin bosses can be fought.
 *  All version-exclusive Giga Class cards can be obtained.
 *  New side quests have been added, and you can now take on multiple at once.
 *  A new EM Database feature allows you to track the battle data and location
    of all viruses and bosses.
 *  The event-exclusive Andromeda card and Legendary Master Shin Brother Band
    can now be obtained in the game.

And much more! For the full list of changes, see: "All Changes (SPOILERS!).txt"
For all Legend Mode enemy changes, see: "Legend Mode enemies (SPOILERS!).txt"



CREDITS

 *  happy man - Textures                        https://discord.gg/RNmVBkn
 *  Jumi - Translation                          https://twitter.com/JumpKain
 *  MegaRockEXE - Graphic Design                https://twitter.com/megarock_exe
 *  MidniteW - Sprites, Textures                https://twitter.com/MidniteW
 *  Prof. 9 - Planning, Programming, Editing    https://twitter.com/Prof9
 *  Salad - Textures                            https://twitter.com/saladdammit

Special Thanks:
    Berserk, ChaoticMK, Erothaur, Eurasia_M, frozenLake, GhostlyMire, Gray Nine,
    killer336, knee, Lex, lil_fatkid, luckytyphlosion, RedMemoraiza, SIGMA,
    SoulXCross, Symes, ubergeek77, WetSalad, xKilios


Visit us at The Rockman EXE Zone!
https://www.therockmanexezone.com/



HOW TO PATCH

Mega Man Star Force DX must be applied to the US version of Mega Man Star Force:
Pegasus. Only this specific version of the game can be used.

In order to patch your game, you will first need to dump your copy of the game
to obtain the ROM file.

Here are some easy options that allow you to dump your MMSF1 cartridge:

 *  If you have a modded Nintendo 3DS, you can use the homebrew applications
    GodMode9 or Wood Dumper for 3DS.

 *  If you have a modded Nintendo DSi, you can use the homebrew applications
    GodMode9i or Wood Dumper for DSi.

 *  If you have an original Nintendo DS or Nintendo DS Lite, as well as a GBA
    flash cart, you can use the homebrew application NDS Backup Tool Slot2. Note
    that this is only compatible with specific GBA flash carts.

 *  If you have any model of Nintendo DS and an NDS flash cart, you can use the
    homebrew application NDS Backup Tool Wifi. Note that this requires you to
    set up an unprotected Wi-Fi hotspot and host an FTP server. Be sure to
    disable the hotspot once you're done with it.

Once you have dumped the ROM file for the game, apply the following patch.
NOTE: If you're upgrading from a previous version, you need to apply the patch
again to an unmodified ROM!

    MegaManStarForceDX-Ver1.1.5.bps

This is a BPS type patch. Here are some tools you can use to apply it:

 *  Browser-based: ROM Patcher JS - https://www.romhacking.net/patch/
 *  Windows/Linux: Floating IPS - https://www.romhacking.net/utilities/1040/
 *  MacOS: MultiPatch - http://www.romhacking.net/utilities/74/



HOW TO PLAY

The easiest way to play Mega Man Star Force DX is on a Nintendo DS emulator.
The latest version of MelonDS is recommended. Note that MelonDS has an upscaling
feature that allows you to play the game in a higher resolution.

Alternatively, you can play Mega Man Star Force DX on a real Nintendo DS, DSi or
3DS using a flash cart. Any flash cart which is capable of running backups
should also be able to run Mega Man Star Force DX.

If you have a modded Nintendo DSi or Nintendo 3DS, you may also be able to play
Mega Man Star Force DX using nds-bootstrap. However, this has not been
extensively tested.



REPORTING ISSUES

You can report any issues in the official discussion thread:
https://forums.therockmanexezone.com/mega-man-star-force-dx-t16546.html

PLEASE MAKE SURE TO READ THE FAQ (BELOW) BEFORE REPORTING ISSUES!

Mega Man Star Force DX has a mechanism where if it detects the game has frozen
or crashed, it will write debug information to the save file. If you encounter a
freezing or crashing issue, please do all of the following to ensure the issue
can be quickly located and fixed:

 *  Wait at least 10 seconds before turning off the power to ensure the debug
    information can be written to the save file.
 *  If you are playing on emulator, MAKE A SAVE STATE while the game is frozen.
    This includes way more debug information than just the save file.
 *  Take a screenshot or photo while the game is frozen.
 *  If you were streaming or recording, please save the recording for future
    reference.
 *  Make a copy of the save file (+ save state) before you start the game again.
 *  Include the save file (+ save state) with your report. If you'd prefer not
    to share it publicly, you can also DM it to me.



COMPATIBILITY

It is possible to create Brother Bands between Mega Man Star Force DX and the
unpatched US version of Mega Man Star Force. This can be done in two ways:

 *  Via Local Wireless: In Mega Man Star Force 1, it is required to do a Wave
    Battle before a Brother Band can be formed via Local Wireless connection.
    However, since Mega Man Star Force DX has a number of changes to the battle
    system, any Wave Battles between it and the unpatched version will quickly
    desynchronize. However, it is possible to finish a battle and form a Brother
    Band. To do so, do not select any Battle Cards or Star Force transformations
    - simple close the Custom Screen and, in one of the games, hold down the B
    Button to fire the Mega Buster. Avoid moving left or right (if there is a
    Rock Cube in the way, just power through it). Eventually, the other player
    should be deleted, ending the battle on both sides.

 *  Via Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection: Brother Bands can be formed between Mega Man
    Star Force DX and the unpatched version without any problems. Note that,
    since the official Nintendo WFC servers are no longer online, both players
    must connect to (the same) alternative service, such as WFZwei. Also note
    that switching to a different WFC server will cause your Friend Code to be
    regenerated.

In Mega Man Star Force DX, some new Battle Cards have been added. These will
show up in the unpatched version as glitched cards. Do not trade these new cards
to the unpatched version of the game, as it may cause adverse side effects.

Note that they will also appear in Brother Force card roulettes. However, in
this case they will simply poof when used and should not have any bad effects.

These are the newly added cards:

 *  QuickGauge
 *  SlowGauge

The Lunar Knights Battle Cards CAN be traded to and used in the unpatched
version of the game. However, they won't have names or descriptions.

Also, if you trade Star Cards to the unpatched version, they will appear as blue
Standard Cards. These behave like normal Standard Cards and can be safely traded
back to MMSF DX; if you do, they turn back into Star Cards.



FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Q:  Can I import an existing Mega Man Star Force save file?
A:  No. Mega Man Star Force (unpatched) and Mega Man Star Force DX save files
    are completely incompatible due to various technical reasons.

Q:  Can I restore a Mega Man Star Force DX save file to the unpatched version?
A:  Also no.

Q:  Will my save file be compatible with any future updates?
A:  Yes, this should be the case. However, emulator save states cannot be used
    across versions (it will cause glitches and freezes if you do). Also, if you
    had a SearchEye Sub Card active, due to technical reasons, it will be
    deactivated until the next battle when updating to a new version.

Q:  Can I play online?
A:  Like in the original game, you can form Brother Bands online, but you cannot
    fight Wave Battles with other players online. This can only be done via
    local wireless.

Q:  How can I obtain V3 Lunar Knights cards?
A:  Just like in the Japanese version of the game, V3 Lunar Knights cards cannot
    be obtained in the Card Box. They are exclusive to the Card Roulette from a
    Lunar Knights Brother Card, as well as Lunar Knights Extra Folders.

Q:  Can I change my Satellite?
A:  Yes, this can be done after finishing the story.

Q:  Are there new Cipher Mails in the game?
A:  Yes! For instance: "Go beyond your limit with the Wave Scanner!"

Q:  How do I create a Copy Brother?
A:  You can do this by first obtaining the Lonely Heart Key Item, then bringing
    it to a certain location.

Q:  Why did my card not count towards a Best Combo?
A:  Any card which is Powered Up (has a P on it) will not register in a Best
    Combo.

Q:  I changed my Satellite, but when I go into battle, it still uses my old one?
A:  Power Up data is separate from your basic Satellite. To start battle as the
    new Star Force, update your Power Up data.

Q:  Why can I not use certain Star Force transformations anymore?
A:  To use a Star Force transformation, you must either be on that Satellite
    yourself or have a Brother who is on that Satellite.

Q:  Is the source code available?
A:  I plan to share the source code for this eventually, but currently it + the
    build scripts are kind of a mess, and I don't feel comfortable publishing
    them just yet.



This mod is not endorsed by or affiliated with Capcom in any way. Mega Man and
Mega Man Star Force are registered trademarks of Capcom. All rights belong to
their respective owners.
