Ver. 1.2.3 - 23 April 2022
 *  Improved overall stability on Wii U Virtual Console, melonDS and other
    emulators with JIT emulation features enabled.
 *  Fixed sound effects in the bonus boss fight being cut off if the battle
    goes on for a while.
 *  Fixed a minor display error on the Mega screen when you have 6 Real Brothers
    of the same Satellite plus maxed out Power Up Data active.

Ver. 1.2.2 - 26 February 2022
 *  Fixed a freeze that occurs when you try to send an e-mail during the Gemini
    Spark chapter while Mega is not in the Transer.
 *  Fixed Dragon Sky and Andromeda's models being darkened when QuakeSong is
    active, despite having Status Guard.
 *  Fixed the FireBzook cards unintentionally dealing breaking damage when used
    by the player on Legend Mode.
 *  Fixed a glitch where if you were afflicted with both paralysis and gravity
    at the same time while transformed as Ice Pegasus Mega Man, if the paralysis
    wore off first, your wings would continue flashing yellow until the gravity
    also wore off.
 *  Fixed a glitch where the clouds in the background of Wolf Woods's battle
    would becoming misaligned when fighting his DX version on Normal Mode.
 *  Fixed the Attack Power for Cygnus Wing's Migratory Birds attack not being
    scaled correctly for higher levels.
 *  When highlighting an empty entry in the Best Combo list, the "Total Damage"
    counter is now hidden instead of displaying 0 damage.

Ver. 1.2.1 - 18 December 2021
 *  Fixed a glitch introduced in Ver. 1.2.0 where after using Fire Leo's Blaze
    Charge ability, your Buster Attack and Rapid stats would be stuck at LV. 0
    for the rest of the battle.
 *  If you finish renaming a Folder that is not the Folder you have equipped, it
    will now keep the cursor on the Folder you were renaming rather than moving
    it to the Folder that you have equipped.
 *  On Legend Mode, if Wolf Woods is blinded or confused, he will now have fewer
    invulnerability frames at the end of Upper Claw.
 *  Fixed a glitch in the base game where Crown Thunder's ghosts would appear in
    the wrong location if you used a screen-dimming card on the same frame that
    they're summoned.

Ver. 1.2.0 - 14 December 2021
 *  Fire Leo Mega Man now has a new ability: Blaze Charge. If your next card is
    a Standard Card, the Mega Buster can charge up to 2 levels. When you fire
    the Lv. 2 Charged Shot, the card will be used up and its base Attack Power
    (not counting Power Up effects) is added to Flame Burner's Attack Power.
 *  In multiplayer Wave Battles, you can now choose between 15 Turns, 10 Turns,
    5 Turns or 3 Turns, just like in MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  Added a turn counter in multiplayer Wave Battles which is shown while the
    Custom Screen is open, similar to MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  The WolfWoods Mega Cards now have a command input. When Wolf Woods appears,
    quickly spin the +Control Pad in a circle. If successful, Wolf Woods will
    change into his berserk mode and the attack will inflict Blind.
 *  Fixed a glitch where Poison Pharaoh would drain the HP of enemies while they
    were invulnerable due to Power Song. (This also caused them to become
    immortal if their HP rolled over to 0 while invulnerable.)
 *  Fixed the subject and sender being swapped for "DX Complete!" e-mail.
 *  Fixed a glitch where the wrong element icon was shown on the card image for
    Standard Cards in the Library.
 *  Fixed a glitch in the base game where Pegasus Magic's texture doesn't
    animate during Pegasus Magic GX and Pegasus Freeze attacks.
 *  Fixed a minor issue where in a few conversations, Geo's mugshot would
    alternate between Visualizer on and off if you started the conversation with
    the Visualizer on.
 *  Fixed a glitch where on Legend Mode, Counter Hits would not bypass Crown
    Thunder's No Paralyze ability if the card used has a Lv. 2 or higher
    paralysis effect.
 *  Fixed a glitch where on Legend Mode, Counter Hits would not cause Cancer
    Bubble to become paralyzed if the card used has a bubble effect.
 *  Fixed Color Change and Humor Buster changes not being applied in multiplayer
    battles if you went straight into the Connect menu without closing the
    Transer.
 *  Renamed the "Activate" menu option when selecting a Star Card in battle to
    "Star Power".
 *  Copy Brothers no longer copy your SP Boss Records. (When you upgrade to this
    version, any SP Boss Records for existing Copy Brothers are automatically
    deleted.)
 *  When you try to use a Lunar Knights Sub Card from the Item menu, it will now
    show an additional message telling you you can mail it to a Lunar Knights
    Brother.
 *  Once you've obtained Power Up Data, it will now also appear in the Item menu
    with a message telling you to go to the third page of the Mega Screen.
 *  When choosing a multiplayer battle mode, it will now skip the Start/Cancel
    option automatically, just like in MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  When choosing a multiplayer battle mode, if you press B on the "Waiting for
    response" message while the other player is still selecting Start/Cancel, it
    now shows the "Cancelled!" message on both players' ends rather than only
    for the other player.

Ver. 1.1.5 - 4 July 2021
 *  On Legend Mode, fixed Andromeda's Meteors sometimes not being Fire Elemental
    when you're in Green Dragon form.
 *  Fixed a developer cheat accidentally being left on in Ver. 1.1.4 which put
    the bonus boss in a non-attacking state.
 *  Fixed TraderMan's sprite in Scrapyard 1 being cut off at the top.

Ver. 1.1.4 - 3 July 2021
 *  On Legend Mode, changed Gemini Heal from 50% HP recovery to 25% HP recovery.
 *  On Legend Mode, slightly decreased the rate at which Andromeda attacks and
    reduced the status effect duration for Paralysis and Gravity somewhat.
 *  On Legend Mode, when you destroy Dragon Sky's Leaf Tornado with a screen-
    dimming attack, the tornado now fades away during the screen dim.
 *  On Legend Mode, adjusted Gemini Spark's timings a little bit.
 *  On Legend Mode, fixed Dragon Sky's Leaf Tornado breaking through shields,
    which was unintended.
 *  Fixed an oversight where if you swap a Star Card in the Card Box with a Mega
    Card in the Folder, it could bypass the 5 Star Card limit.
 *  Fixed a glitch in the Pegasus Magic battles on Legend Mode where each time
    he used Ice Edge, his range of movement was restricted by 1 panel.
 *  Fixed a glitch where summoned viruses would appear in the wrong position if
    a screen-dimming card was used at the exact moment the virus appears.
 *  Fixed a glitch where Green Dragon's Shield Counter invulnerability timer
    would continue to count down during screen-dimming attacks.
 *  Fixed a glitch where if you collided with an attack during Green Dragon's
    Shield Counter invulnerability while you had Counter frames active, it would
    erroneously be treated as a Counter Hit for the opponent (Enemy Counter).
 *  Fixed a glitch where, after beating Andromeda Infinity for the first time,
    using a Card Trader in that same play session would freeze the game.
 *  Fixed a glitch in the base game where if you try to summon a JunkCube in the
    middle column and the panel is occupied, it would always only try to summon
    it on the left rather than trying left and right in a random order.
 *  Adjusted the script for Kelvin's Transer so you can no longer pick it up
    multiple times when mashing the A Button.
 *  Minor script fixes.

Ver. 1.1.3 - 20 June 2021
 *  Fixed a crash that occurs in a certain cutscene during the Harp Note
    scenario.
 *  When you leave the Living Module, the next time you come back, Omega-Xis
    will now prompt you to save again when you attempt to pulse into the final
    wavehole.
 *  Adjusted the new Transer quests for Sonia, Luna, Bud and Zack so that they
    now become available after the credits rather than right before the final
    boss. (If you already started the quest in a previous version, you can
    finish it as normal.)
 *  Fixed a glitch in the base game where you could pick up multiples of the
    snakes from Prof. Snake's Transer quest when mashing the A Button. (When you
    upgrade to this version, the extra snakes will be removed from Key Items.)
 *  Fixed Grabity family viruses taking too much damage from JunkCube cards.

Ver. 1.1.2 - 18 June 2021
 *  Reduced the required Attack Power for the Best Combo Jammer.
 *  When you get Countered by an enemy, it will now show an ENEMY COUNTER!
    pop-up message at the top of the screen.
 *  Adjusted the Quiz King's quiz to account for Legend Mode.
 *  Added sound effects to more quizzes and disabled the B Button on quiz menus.
 *  During the PitcherMan cutscene in Chapter 3, Geo now has his Visualizer on
    and PitcherMan's face portrait is now shown in the text box (for
    consistency).
 *  You can now touch the "EQUIP" button in the Transer screen with the stylus
    to switch to that page.
 *  When you delete a Study Wave in School Comps, the step counter is now
    reset to what it was when you stepped on the arrow panel, similar to other
    Comp gimmicks that temporarily disable encounters.
 *  In Robo Snake Comps, made it so that your step counter is now reset
    correctly after helping a Mr. Hertz.
 *  Fixed the quest icon showing up on Teresa Tudor's Transer one chapter before
    you can accept the quest.
 *  Fixed a visual bug in the final chapter where Geo would briefly appear as
    Mega Man in the real world after certain cutscenes.
 *  Fixed a glitch where under specific circumstances, you would get the Legend
    Mode reward Cipher mail after the credits even if you turned off Legend Mode
    at some point.
 *  Fixed On Air -> Enter a Number being pre-filled with two spaces when no
    number is set yet.
 *  Fixed the fade in color when exiting from Connect -> Wi-Fi Settings.
 *  Fixed a glitch in the base game where you couldn't walk on a certain part of
    the road in Station Comp 4.

Ver. 1.1.1 - 10 June 2021
 *  Fixed a race condition that can occur when playing on a flash card where the
    game locks up when you try to save your clear data after the credits.

Ver. 1.1.0 - 9 June 2021
 *  Ice Pegasus Mega Man now has a new ability: Flash Step, which grants brief
    invisibility at the start and end of every Mega Attack.
 *  Ice Pegasus Mega Man now keeps his Mega Buster charge when using Mega
    Attacks with Auto-Lock.
 *  The Data Library now shows which Battle Cards have Star Card versions, and
    tracks which ones you've collected so far. If you're upgrading from a
    previous version of MMSF DX, you can register the Star Cards in Extra
    Folders you've already obtained by switching to a different Extra Folder and
    switching back.
 *  Wave Roads now have a pulsing semi-transparency effect when seen as Geo,
    just like in MMSF2. This should make it easier to see characters and Transer
    icons which are obscured by the Wave Road.
 *  During battle, the "Battle Start" and screen-dimming card name pop-up now
    has a bounce effect, similar to MMSF2/3.
 *  During battle, when you use a screen-dimming card in single player, the card
    name pop-up is now faster.
 *  During battle, when you use a screen-dimming card, the name always appears
    at the top of screen, just like in MMSF3.
 *  During battle, pop-up messages like COUNTER HIT! and DOUBLE DELETE! now have
    a scroll in and out effect, just like in MMSF3.
 *  Improved the rewards for a certain level of bosses.
 *  Streamlined the process of mailing items to Lunar Knights Brothers by
    automatically filling out the mail subject and body when you attach a
    present.
 *  Lunar Knights Brothers now have a very small chance to send their Mega
    Weapon even if they are lower than LV. 60, when they receive an item.
 *  Lunar Knights Brothers now have a small chance to send the Mega Weapon from
    a different character if you got their own Mega Weapon already.
 *  In School Comp, destroying all of the Study Waves in the area will now show
    a cutscene of the door to the next area opening automatically.
 *  Adjusted some cutscenes so that when Geo transforms into Mega Man or vice
    versa, it now updates the portrait on the top screen.
 *  When you use a certain item, it now tells you your progress in a certain
    quest.
 *  When you finish all Transer quests, you will now get the e-mail from Shin
    upon the next area transition. (Previously, you only got it if you went back
    to Echo Ridge.)
 *  Andromeda on Legend Mode will now follow up gravity status with Radar
    Missile, which can be shielded, rather than an elemental meteor - similar to
    how he already did for paralysis, freeze and bubble status.
 *  Fixed Mega Man (Geo color) not having the updated hair polygon in battle.
 *  Fixed Geo (not) having his Visualizer on in some cutscenes.
 *  Fixed a glitch where hitting certain objects (e.g. RockCubes) during a
    screen dim would cause their visual position to drift off-center.
 *  Fixed a glitch in the base game where in Scrap Comp, using the Rescue Sonar
    also flashes your active Sub Card icons.
 *  Fixed a glitch where defeating an SP Boss with a certain item on would also
    count as deleting a certain other level of that boss.
 *  Fixed a glitch where if you hard reset before receiving the "DX Complete!"
    mail, one of the mails in your inbox changes into a Dummy mail. If this
    happened to you, you can fix it by sorting your mail.
 *  Fixed a glitch with Lunar Knights Brothers sometimes not leveling up as much
    as they were supposed to when you send them rare armor items.
 *  Fixed a glitch with Lunar Knights Brothers not updating their Link Abilities
    for LV. 100 (HP+220) when they level up by receiving a rare armor item at
    LV. 95. If this happened to you, you can fix the Link Ability by deleting,
    then reforming the Brother Band.
 *  Flipped the way Cancer Bubble's claws return to his model so that on Legend
    Mode, the claw returning to his model matches the one that fired.
 *  Fixed Swill Waters not having a Transer popup during the AMAKEN blackout
    segment.
 *  Fixed a very minor sprite error on Mega Man's face picture.
 *  Fixed a rare softlock that could occur at the end of a wave in the 1000 note
    challenge.
 *  Fixed Mitch Shepar's Transer message changing for Barry Square's Transer
    quest too early.
 *  Fixed Teresa Tudor's Transer quest becoming available before you have the
    Navi Card needed to complete it.
 *  Fixed deleting LuPelvis in a certain boss fight on Legend Mode not counting
    towards the EM Database.
 *  Moved the Truck Navi in BIG WAVE EM-Road so he's no long covering a certain
    something when you have the Visualizer on.
 *  Fixed certain sprites on the overworld disappearing when standing in
    specific spots during some parts of the story, when there are too many
    sprites on the screen at once.
 *  Fixed a small animation glitch on Leo Kingdom's Magma Ball in Legend Mode.
 *  Fixed Old Data not being removed from your Key Items after finishing the
    associated quest. Note: it will be automatically removed if you load your
    old save file, if you already finished the quest.

Ver. 1.0.7 - 31 May 2021
 *  Fixed a crash that can rarely occur when playing on a flash cart when too
    many sound effects are playing at the same time during a battle.

Ver. 1.0.6 - 31 May 2021
 *  Fixed a crash when you open a Card Trader after viewing a Lunar Knights
    Brother's message.

Ver. 1.0.5 - 31 May 2021
 *  Fixed the difficulty selection not appearing when you press NEW GAME with
    the stylus (as opposed to using the A Button or START).
 *  Fixed the display of Share Stars attack bonus on Battle Cards in the Folder
    edit screen.
 *  Share Stack attack bonus is now also shown in the Folder selection screen,
    just like in MMSF2/MMSF3.
 *  Star Cards are now treated as Standard Cards for the purposes of On Air
    Share Stars. Meaning, if you have a Star Card in your Folder and go On Air,
    it will power up the Standard Card version of that card for your Brothers.
    On the other hand, Star Cards no longer gain Share Stars.
 *  Share Stars are now disabled in Time Trials.

Ver. 1.0.4 - 30 May 2021
 *  Fixed a crash when receiving a mail from a Real Brother who is On Air.
 *  Fixed Cancer Bubble's Boomerang Cutter sometimes failing to travel all the
    way to your row.
 *  Fixed an issue in the base game where the Mega Screen would lag while
    scrolling left or right when playing on a flash cart.
 *  Added an extra Battle Tip.

Ver. 1.0.3 - 30 May 2021
 *  Fixed an infinite loop that could occur when registering a Copy Brother.
 *  Fixed an issue where the battle music could stop playing when there are too
    many sound effects playing at once.

Ver. 1.0.2 - 29 May 2021
 *  Fixed a crash during the Crown Thunder boss fight when playing on Legend
    Mode.
 *  Fixed a minor script error in Chapter 1.

Ver. 1.0.1 - 29 May 2021
 *  Fixed a crash during the Libra Scales scenario when you interrupt his Libra
    Swing or Heavy Weight attack.

Ver. 1.0.0 - 29 May 2021
 *  Initial release